Have you ever heard of
Night Action? You shouldn't have.
Night Action is a top-secret
investigative program within the FBI.
The operatives who conduct
those investigations
are known simply
as night agents.
So you want me to
be a night agent?
I want you to answer
the phone for them.
You put your time in
in that hellhole of a room.
manning a phone that never rings.
and better things will come your way.
Someone is outside.
Call this number.
say "Night Action."
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Uh. yes. go ahead.
- Night Action.
- Code. please.
- Pen. Clock. Door. Fire.
It's gonna be all right. I answer the
phone for night agents in distress.
By agents. you mean spies?
My orders are to protect you
with my life. and I will do that.
Rose!
Do you remember the first time
when I called Night Action?
You told me to fight like hell.
And that's what
I need you to do.
They're preparing
another attack.
We know you're planning on killing
the president at Camp David.
- It's rigged to blow on liftoff!
- Drop it!
- No!
- Kill the engines!
Stay down! Stay down!
Peter!
You've been
wasting away in the basement.
How would you like
to be a night agent?
- I think I wanna go back to California.
- With your company?
New name. new start.
Learn from my mistakes.
Call me when you get there.
I don't know when it'll be. but
I promise I'm gonna call you.
I look forward
to hearing about that.
Or you can take it as an aggression
upon… You know what I'm saying?
I can't believe you're
making this. like. make sense. man.
I'm just trying to.
like…
- Right. rationalize.
- Yeah. I'm like that. I say dumb stuff.
I know. I've
noticed.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
Okay.
No. we gotta get back
on what we were talking about.
Absolutely not.
- This one very good.
- You never finished your story.
- Oh right. about the bet.
- Yeah.
So. what this guy didn't know
was that back in the day.
I was Wichita City Bowling
Champion. 12-and-under division.
Oh. impressive.
Mm-hmm. So the
sucker took the bet.
But what I didn't know
was that he was Tennessee State
Bowling Champ. adult division.
- So. I took the bet.
- And you turned out to be the sucker.
Oh. a royal one.
But that's how I ended up with
a Shrek tattoo on my lower back.
- Wow. classy.
- Mm.
What's going on? He spot us?
No. not yet. but he's
checking for tails.
- Just keep up the honeymooners act.
- Okay.
Your collar
is all frayed.
Someone really needs
to take you shopping.
- You dress like you're single.
- I am single.
Well. that shirt is a good way
to perpetually stay that way.
- Tell me a joke.
- A joke?
For his benefit. Tell me
a joke. Make me laugh.
Knock. knock.
Who's there?
I got… I
got nothing. I'm sorry.
- He's moving.
- Okay. let's give him a little space.
We don't wanna spook him
before we know what he's up to.
He's not acting like someone
who's just out for a stroll.
He's acting like someone
who trained at The Farm.
- Think he's our guy?
- He's acting like our guy.
If he really is the leaker…
He could be getting ready
to pass some more intel.
There's only one
way to find out.
He's about to meet someone.
- How can you be sure?
- Men always have tells. Even you.
What's my tell?
They exchange anything?
I don't know. Couldn't
see a handoff.
You recognize him?
- No.
- Yeah. shit. I don't either.
Okay. go. Comms on.
I'm gonna take the new
guy. you take Warren.
- Be careful.
- You be careful.
Remember the training.
remember the mission.
Yes. ma'am.
Still
with the "ma'ams."
- Smile.
- Better than the postcard.
- Do you still have him?
- Yeah.
Anything?
Hold.
He just made a drop.
Okay. I'll ditch this
guy. and I'll come meet you.
Where are you?
One second.
- Somebody just picked it up.
- Who?
I don't know. I've
never seen him before.
- Looked like a thumb drive.
- Okay. don't lose him.
Peter. what's going on?
I'm still following the new
guy with the thumb drive.
Where are you?
Sathorn Road.
That place we had lunch that
one time with the bad oysters.
I'm on my way.
- Peter?
- Alice!
Alice. I'm made!
Shit. me too.
- Peter!
- They're still on me!
I'm calling for an extraction.
Go ahead.
- Night Action.
- Code. please.
Lake. Soap. Cat. Page.
Peter. you there?
Hold.
Okay. I'm here.
What the fuck?
- How did we get burned?
- I don't know.
You okay?
Yeah. Night Action has an
extraction point for us.
- Where?
- They're sending a helicopter.
Rama VIII Park. You
know where that is?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Then get there.
Alice!
Yes. sir.
Hold. please.
- Go ahead.
- Night Action.
Code. please.
Snake. Cloud. Knife. Pillow.
This is Copperhead?
Hummingbird is
dead. They shot her.
I'm in a warehouse
near Rama VIII Park.
I got at least three
people still following me.
Extraction's five minutes out.
I don't have five minutes. Put
me through to Reindeer. now.
Yeah.
Okay. let me talk to him.
- Come on.
- Peter. are you there?
They knew where our
extraction point was.
I can't hear you.
The fucking extraction point.
They were waiting for us.
- Why did you need an extraction?
- Somebody tipped them off.
- Okay? They knew.
- Knew what?
Everything.
Listen. Catherine. figure out who
else knew about this mission but you
because somebody gave us up.
Are you and Alice okay?
Alice is dead.
What?
She's gone.
Frag out!
He's headed towards the river.
When am I gonna get better?
You don't think
you've made progress?
Not fast enough.
Therapy
isn't a race. Rose.
It takes time to process trauma.
The nightmares have
stopped. right?
Not completely. but I've
been doing the work.
I'm staying out of
stressful situations.
I do yoga. I journal
my feelings. so…
when does the anxiety stop?
I… I just wanna
feel like me again.
Even after all these months.
there are still things
you won't open up about.
It's not how this
is supposed to work.
Some things I can't get into.
I'd like to
suggest something.
Have you heard of EMDR therapy?
It's a new kind of therapy
and not without its critics.
but I think you might
be a good candidate.
It would involve talking
to someone else...
Wait.
Are you firing me as
one of your patients?
EMDR requires special training.
Training I don't have.
It also requires you being
able to let your guard down.
at least more than you've
been able to do with me.
Okay.
We believe we've done something
revolutionary with AdVerse.
Our proprietary algorithm
makes connections
that no other company can make.
I'm listening.
You had your picture taken
at security about 15 years ago.
I'm sorry. um. 15 minutes ago.
Right.
AdVerse can
take that picture.
run it through various
social media applications.
ID you…
…cross-check it against. um…
Against…
What my lead programmer is trying to
say is AdVerse uses a picture or a name
to create a precise
advertising profile
based off online searches
of their shopping accounts.
their product reviews. hobbies…
- Other companies do that.
- They're not as good as AdVerse.
And for $50 million.
I should just take your word for it?
AdVerse is better.
Our customer profiles are
deeper. more accurate.
Companies will pay a
fortune to sort through them
and precisely target their
most likely customers.
Do you have any agreements
with any of these companies?
No. we use publicly available
data in each of these cases.
I don't know.
It's a tough sector
to invest in.
There's a lot of smart
people chasing this.
Even if yours is better.
I'm not crazy about
the marketing application.
The raw data you're mining
is interesting though.
What other things do you think
you might be able to do with it?
Uh. excuse me a minute.
I'm sorry about Rose.
She's not herself today.
Engineers. We've all been there.
Hello?
Hello? Who is this?
- I'm hanging up.
- I'm looking for Peter Sutherland.
Do you know where he is?
How… How do you know Peter?
Well. he's in trouble.
and I… I wanna help him.
Okay. where is he?
Has he contacted
you recently?
No. Sorry. who is this?
And how do you know about Peter?
And what kind of trouble...?
I… I shouldn't be talking to
you. but I know you care about him.
- If you hear from him...
- What happened to him?
I'll… I'll call you in a few days.
see if he's contacted you. Goodbye.
Wait. how do you...
Rose Larkin.
Yes.
I'm Catherine. Shall we?
The President asked me to fly all the
way across the country to meet you.
so here I am.
Thank you.
Do you know Peter Sutherland?
Peter works for me.
Is he okay?
We don't know if he's all right
or even where he is at the moment.
He went AWOL from us
about a month ago.
Wait. from Night Action?
I'm here because you got a call about
Peter from a man you didn't know.
- Is that correct?
- Yes.
- And he didn't identify himself?
- No.
What'd he say. precisely?
Uh. that Peter was in trouble
and if I knew where he was.
And when was the last
time you spoke with Peter?
Like ten months ago. when he
left to start his new job.
But look. Peter wouldn't just
quit on something that important.
not without a good reason.
What happened?
- We had a setback.
- What kind of setback?
- Is he alive?
- We think so.
You think?
What I'm concerned about
is his mental state.
He was still
adjusting to the job.
So what are you doing to
find him. to help him?
Everything we can. But he does have
training and experience in evasion.
as you know.
The man who called you.
he have a foreign accent?
Um. he… he sounded American.
Okay.
If he calls back.
I'm at this number.
- What is this. a Night Action line?
- No.
And it goes without saying that
if Peter reaches out to you.
you'll let me know immediately.
- Have a lovely day.
- Okay. I still have questions.
I didn't have time
for this trip.
I came at the request of POTUS.
- So score one for you.
- Okay.
But I have to get
back to my work.
Tell me what you're
actually doing to find him.
I'm one of the few people
who knows what really happened
at Camp David last year.
I know what your
contributions were.
And for that.
you have my eternal thanks
and my sincere respect.
But you are a civilian.
You're not one of us.
You're not part of our family.
The answers you seek
are not yours to have.
And if President Travers
feels differently?
She doesn't.
This was a one-time favor. If
you don't believe me. call her.
When we find Peter.
I'll let you know he's safe.
But for now.
drop the words "Night
Action" from your vocabulary.
Where are you?
Any word yet?
Adrien's a no
on the investment.
Doesn't see enough differentiation
between us and the others.
We'll find someone else.
I know.
I'm gonna need you on
your A game from now on.
What was with you the other day?
- I… I… I'm sorry...
- Don't say sorry. say you'll do better.
Um. I've just been
worried about my mom.
Oh. What's… what's wrong?
She's having surgery
tomorrow morning in New York.
and I need to go out
there and be with her.
Surgery for what?
You wanna know all the details?
No.
I'll just
be gone a few days.
I need your full bandwidth.
This is a sink-or-swim time.
I'll work on the plane.
Mom's gonna be asleep most of the
time. and I can handle things remotely.
Won't be a problem.
That a promise?
Promise.
Should be leaning
left. Go to your strong side.
Good shot.
- So how you doing?
- Good.
You sure? What's up?
Just stuff with my dad.
Okay.
- You see him yet?
- No.
He's taking the shot.
- You think he'll come to your game?
- I don't think so.
I thought he wanted to see you.
Yeah. but he just doesn't
really get along with my mom.
Or my stepdad.
So you. uh… you haven't
talked to him at all?
What?
He's been talking
to me on Signal.
- You know what that is?
- Yeah. the. uh. messenger app. right?
Yeah. My mom reads through my texts.
It's the only way he can talk to me. so…
- Smart.
- Yeah.
I don't think I'm gonna
get to see him. though.
Hopefully. he'll
come through for you.
Yeah.
- Give me two seconds.
- Yeah.
Is that him?
Uh. no. It's my mom.
She's about to be here. So.
I should probably go soon.
Make some free throws.
Every point guard should be automatic
from the line at the end of the game.
I want two in a row.
I see your mom.
I'll get your stuff.
- Good luck at your game. buddy.
- Thanks.
- I'll see ya.
- See ya.
- Thanks.
- Have a good one.
You too.
Oh. my phone's dead.
You can live without
it for a night.
It was just at 30% though.
Don't tell me you'll
have to read a book.
Testing. testing…
You haven't endorsed
Richard Hagan for president yet.
What are you waiting for?
The election's coming up.
My focus has been
on other matters.
Come on. Not endorsing
your party's candidate?
It seems odd.
You worried the Camp David scandal
could be a drag on his campaign?
- No.
- Did he ask you not to endorse?
If I wanted to focus on
politics rather than results.
I would've run for re-election.
So you're not going to
endorse Hagan or Knox?
That's right. Have
a nice night. Janet.
POTUS has arrived.
Nicely evaded. Madam President.
Still can't believe we nominated
Hagan. What an egotistical prick.
His polls don't give
him much of a chance.
Right. Polls have
never been wrong.
Thank you all for meeting me
here today on such short notice.
My schedule's been…
- Well. you know how it is.
- Of course. Madam President.
I only have a few minutes.
Deputy Director Mosley and I would like
a rundown on all current Night Actions.
We just wrapped up Cuba.
You've seen the report.
Went smoothly. Just
cleaning up some loose ends.
Nice work. Ron?
The thing in Vegas got a little
tricky. but we're back on track.
Cyprus is in early stages.
And Peter Sutherland?
Still haven't located him.
Can you give us the room?
How many people do you
have looking for Peter?
Plenty. but it's a big world.
And he is good at disappearing.
We're confident he's
in the New York area.
So only 14 million
needles in a haystack?
I have the bureau's
resources in New York assisting.
Figured out yet what
went wrong in Bangkok?
- We know more. but not enough.
- But if you had to guess?
I registered my concerns about Peter
when you first assigned him to me.
So you think Peter
is the problem?
The only thing I'm sure of is
he isn't around to debrief.
You told me to believe in him.
I did.
And you told me your history with his
father wouldn't cloud your judgment.
It has not. The one fact we know
is that Peter's unaccounted for doing
God knows what for God knows who.
- You met with Rose Larkin?
- I did.
She didn't know anything useful.
We don't know who called
her. asked about Peter?
Not yet.
What about the intel we lost in
Bangkok or the agent who sold it?
We don't know where
Warren Stocker is
or what specific classified
information he took from the CIA.
Or who he sold it to?
Or who he sold it to.
Other than that. how was
the flight. Miss Earhart?
I do trust Peter Sutherland.
I am alive because of him.
That kind of thing
sticks with you.
I understand that. but this
work is different than that.
His training was accelerated.
He was pushed into
the field too quickly.
For which you blame me.
Of course not. Madam President.
I'm not blaming. I am explaining.
Yes. I don't know
where he is physically.
but what concerns
me. what worries me.
is that I don't know
where he is mentally.
That's something his partner Alice and I
discussed the week before she was killed.
We didn't give him enough
time after Camp David
before we threw him
right into training.
If Peter is hiding. he
probably has a good reason.
Let's find him.
- Try to help him.
- Of course.
Who is the biggest
influence in your life?
Your mother or your father?
My mother.
How about you?
My father.
Mine too.
He taught me life gets easier when
you learn to tell the difference
between what you want to happen
and what you need to happen.
I don't want you to find Peter.
- It's already in motion.
- You should be in New York then.
Hello.
Can I help you. Miss?
I hope so.
I'm looking for a friend.
Is he staying here?
We take confidentiality
pretty strict.
Listen. a few of his friends and I were
just worried he might be in trouble.
Everyone here's been in
some kind of trouble.
Right.
But look. I know he was at the urgent care
down the street a couple of weeks ago.
A woman at the desk thought
he might be staying here.
I just… I just really
need to find him.
Lot of folks here aren't
looking to be found.
Do I look like someone
who wants to hurt him?
He has a really important
job he's about to lose.
and if I don't find him.
his problems go from
temporary to permanent.
You know what I mean?
I… I
really care about him.
Will you help me?
Okay. yeah. David was here.
- So David was here?
- Mm-hmm.
For about a week. but he bounced.
I haven't seen him since.
Okay. so he was at the
urgent care two weeks ago.
and he was staying
here after that?
For a couple days. yeah. But
I haven't seen him since.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Uh. sorry. this sounds crazy.
but do you have any idea what he
liked to do when he was staying here?
Excuse me.
- Nice.
- Thanks.
Um. I heard you know
my friend. uh. David?
- I'm looking for him.
- Yeah. he. uh. coaches me.
Really?
Well. that sounds like him.
He's always helping people.
Is he coming by today. or…
I thought so. but I've been
waiting for about an hour.
- And nothing. huh?
- Nope.
So. uh. when was the
last time you saw him?
Yesterday.
Okay.
Well. I might just. I
don't know. chill here.
and see if he turns
up. if that's okay?
Yeah. Uh. if you do see him.
could you ask him about my phone?
- What about it?
- I think he took mine by accident.
And we tried Find My Phone.
but it keeps turning off.
and my mom can't get
a hold of him. so…
Well. you are in luck because.
uh. technology is my thing.
and… …tracking
phones is my main superpower.
- Really?
- Yeah.
What's your number? Um.
I bet I can find him.
And… and your phone. of course.
Next stop. 113th Street.
Q56. southbound
on Jamaica Avenue.
Next stop. Piedmont Street.
I'm on my way. I'm
right around the corner.
Next
stop. 117th Street.
Save me a seat.
Come on.
Get on the ground!
You need me alive. don't you?
- Rose?
- Peter.
Oh shit.
Go!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm